Default image tag and remove 'v' prefix (#151)
kedacore/charts: http-add-on/README.md

| Parameter                                                  | Description                               | Default                                         |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------|

> | `images.tag`                                               | Image tag for the http add on             | `latest`                              |

Reviewer: Since we'd prefer it to default to the app version, we should just leave this empty here
```suggestion
| `images.tag`                                               | Image tag for the http add on             | None, it used Helm chart's app version as a default                              |
```
